PART 1: Plan

After reading through the requirements and instructions, how long do you think it will
take to complete the assignment and how will you go about it? Answer the following
questions to start planning.

Complete each item below by replacing the highlighted text (Usability note: double-click
the text to select it).

1.	Which programming language will you use to complete this assignment?

    Python

2.	How familiar and comfortable are you with this programming language? For example, when was the last time you used it?

    Comfort level is 7 out of 10. Last used 2 weeks ago.

3.	Split the implementation into several tasks (at least three), estimate how long
each will take, and then schedule when you will complete each task.

Task description	Estimate of how long it will take to complete	Time block
----------------    ---------------------------------------------   ----------
1-Download pix	    .5 hrs	                                        4/8 1-1:30pm
2-Write .py files
using  pseudocode   .5 hrs	                                        4/8 1:30-2pm
guide
3-Debug code        1 hr	                                        4/8 2:30-3:30pm
4-Record Video      .5 hrs                                          4/8 3:30-4pm

4.	Based on the above and other factors you think are relevant, how long do you think
it’ll take to complete the entire assignment? Explain your answer. Track how long it
actually takes to complete the assignment (you’ll be asked about this in Part 3).

    2 1/2 hrs

Now that you have a time estimate, I recommend you double it! That’ll help give you a
time buffer in case you run into issues.


PART 2: Create Video
	Create a short video (5 minutes or less) demonstrating you have satisfied the
implementation requirements. It is recommended that you aim for a video length of
2 minutes or under, to keep it concise. The upper limit is still 5 minutes, but you
don’t need to use the whole 5 minutes.

PART 3: Reflect
Now that you’ve completed the assignment...
How long did it actually take you to complete the assignment?

    5 hours

This reflection is meant to help you understand how accurate your time estimates tend to be so that you can factor that information into future time estimates. You won’t be asked to track your time spent on future assignment but you might find it helpful to do so on your own
